Add /databases/:id/action endpoint documentation for Database API (#93)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _database_api/databases.md

  "operation_id": "5c10e85ca506b701f42f92dc"
}
```

--- row ---

## Actions over Database Management System

--- row---

`POST https://db-api.scalingo.com/api/databases/[:db_id]/action`

> This generic endpoints aims are wrapping direct actions over the running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generic endpoints aim at wrapping direct actions over the running
```

> database. The different actions possible depend of the type of the database,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database. The different possible actions depend of the type of the database,
```

I'm not sure about this one

> database. The different actions possible depend of the type of the database,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database. The different actions possible depend on the type of the database,
```

}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": null
}
```

#### SQL Mode Configuration

* `get-sqlmode`: Get the current SQL Mode of the database

||| col |||

Params:

```json
{
  "action_name": "get-sqlmode",
  "params":  null
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"
}
```

--- row ---

* `set-sqlmode`: Set the SQL Mode of the database

||| col |||

```json
{
  "action_name": "set-sqlmode",
  "params":  "NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO"
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": null
}
```

--- row ---

[MySQL documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/sql-mode.html)

### PostgreSQL

#### Extensions Management

* `list-extensions`: List enabled PostgreSQL extensions and their version

||| col |||

```json
{
  "action_name": "list-extensions",
  "params": null
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": [
    {
      "name": "plpgsql",
      "version": "v1.0"
    }, {
      "name": "postgis",
      "version": "v2.5.0"
    }
  ]
}
```

--- row ---

#### Running Query Management

> * `pg-list-queries`: List running and idle queries to the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pg-list-queries`: List running and idle queries of the database
```

||| col |||

Params:

```json
{
  "action_name": "pg-list-queries"
}
```

Response:

```javascript
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": [
    {
      "query": "SELECT * FROM users",
      "state": "active",
      "username": "username_1234",
      "query_start": "2020-05-10T09:00:00Z",
      "pid": 2000,
      "query_duration": 1000000000
    }, {
      // ...
    }
  ]
}
```

*`query_duration` is in nanoseconds*

--- row ---

* `pg-cancel-query`: Ask PostgreSQL to cancel: (`pg_cancel_backend` method)

||| col |||

Params:

```json
{
  "action_name": "pg-cancel-query",
  "params": {
    "pid": 2000
  }
}
```

Response:

```json
{
  "ok": 1,
  "result": null
}
```

--- row ---

> * `pg-terminate-query`: Force stop a running query: (`pg_terminate_backend` method)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pg-terminate-query`: Force stop a running query (`pg_terminate_backend` method)
```
